We practice the Dzogchen, then we follow such as the great teacher, Garab Dorje. There's nothing
higher than the Dzogchen practice than the Garab Dorje.
There's no higher Dzogchen practice and reliable beings than the Garab Dorje.
Garab Dorje is his own work, his own teaching. He said only to practice Dzogchen should have the
Kundal, the foundation practices, that is, bodhichitta and reflecting the impermanence.
That's what Garab Dorje said. That means Dzogchen practice should be practical, more drawn to the
earth, not hovering in the space all the time.
You have to be drawn to the ground. Bodhichitta means touch to the heart, the basic phenomenal
systems.
Even Dzogchen is, like I said, king of the creation center, Gomhsi Gyapot Center mentioned there's
ten different nothing.
There's no meditation. There's nothing to be preserved Samaya. There's nothing to be observed in
the congregate.
One after another there's ten different status. Nothing, nothing, nothing. None of those exist.
None of those exist.
Those are mentioned, but those are mentioned only on the absolute level, the absolute level, only D
zogchen, Dzogchen's own, its own natural status.
As long, or until we got that realization, exhaled as it is, we have to be mumbled, we have to
observe, and we have to be practical in the phenomenon of all.
Where we belong, where we act, we have pain, we have suffering, we have emotions.
Even as we have to deal with that, we can apply and bring Dzogchen right there, there, and ignore
everything. That won't work for us.
We cannot be as kind of an out-order person. And so therefore, again, we have to be more practical,
we have to be more sympathetic, and we have to be more reasonable.
And for that reason, the great Master, Dzogchen, both each other and reflect the impact.
(speaking foreign language)